Add link to deprecation RFC in `no-array-prototype-extensions` rule doc (#1582)
ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember: docs/rules/no-array-prototype-extensions.md

By default, Ember extends certain native JavaScript objects with additional methods. This can lead to problems in some situations. One example is relying on these methods in an addon that is used inside an app that has the extensions disabled.

> The prototype extensions for the `Array` object were deprecated in [RFC #848](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/848).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prototype extensions for the `Array` object were deprecated in [RFC #848](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0848-deprecate-array-prototype-extensions).
```

* [EmberArray](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/EmberArray)
* Ember [MutableArray](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/MutableArray)
* [Ember Prototype extensions documentation](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/disabling-prototype-extensions/)

> * [Ember Array prototype extensions deprecation RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/848)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Ember Array prototype extensions deprecation RFC](https://rfcs.emberjs.com/id/0848-deprecate-array-prototype-extensions)
```
